feat: make secret-creation customizable in kratos (#173)
ory/k8s: docs/helm/kratos.md

- `kratos.autoMigrate` (bool): If enabled, an `initContainer` running `kratos migrate sql` will be created.
- `kratos.development` (bool): If enabled, kratos will run with `--dev` argument.

> - `secret.enabled` (bool): If false, a secret is not created (contains `dsn`, `secretsCookie` and `secretsDefault`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `secret.enabled` (bool): If `true` (default), a Kubernetes Secret is created (contains `dsn`, `secretsCookie` and `secretsDefault`). Also generates `secertsCookie` and `secretsDefault` unless already set.
```
